Feature-proto-scara (#4192)
cyberbotics/webots: docs/guide/scara-epson-t6.md

## SCARA Epson T6

%robot scaraEpsonT6 images/robots/scaraEpsonT6/model.png

[SCARA Epson T6](https://www.epson.eu/products/robot/scara-t6-series) is a 4-axis robotic arm with three revolute and one prismatic DOF.
The chosen model is the T6-602s.

> It can reach 200mm in vertical with the shaft.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It has a 200mm vertical range with the shaft.
```

Reviewer: Just a suggestion, the phrase sounds odd to my hear, dunno why. Up to you

> Each arm has a radius of 300mm and can thus reach 600mm in horizontal.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Each arm has a radius of 300mm and can thus reach 600mm horizontally.
```

It can handle a payload of maximum 6kg.

> An end-effector can be choose on its shaft, as a gripper or a suction cup.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An end-effector can be chosen on its shaft, as a gripper or a suction cup.
```

The actuators available are three rotational motors (`base_arm_motor`, `arm_motor` and `shaft_rotation_motor`), a linear motor (`shaft_linear_motor`) and a [LED](../reference/led.md) (`epson_led`).
The motors have four position sensors named `base_arm_position`, `arm_position` `shaft_rotation_position` and `shaft_linear_position`.

> **Maximum range of operation in radian**: base arm: +/- 0.73, arm: +/- 0.83, shaft (linear): 200 mm, shaft (rotation): +/- 3.1416

### ScaraEpsonT6 PROTO

Derived from [Robot](../reference/robot.md).

```

> scaraEpsonT6 [

Reviewer: ```suggestion
ScaraEpsonT6 [
```

Reviewer: Protos are always capitalized

>   SFVec3f           translation     0 0 0.01

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  SFVec3f           translation     0 0 0
```

  SFRotation        rotation        0 0 1 0

>   SFString          name            "scaraEpsonT6"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  SFString          name            "ScaraEpsonT6"
```
